Hey, Christy.
Hi.
Do you mind if I test with you quickly?
Sure.
Awesome.
We just share my screen.
And you should see slides here in a minute.
Hi, Haley.
I yes, I see spring. Yep.
Just doing some testing, all right.
A begin.
Hear it explained? Yep.
Umm do you have the ability to play on your end as well or?
Let me see.
But it's like, Yep, I do.
I'm trying a new feature, OK.
Alright.
And then just going to test one more, not to give away all of the content today and this may I will, I will tell you guys that this may get moved to tomorrow depending on time.
OK.
Can you guys hear it?
Yes, can hear it and see it.
Proponents.
Awesome.
Alright, thank you guys for being my Guinea pigs.
You're welcome.
I I always I'm excited.
The nerves are the nerves are here, guys.
It's gonna be great.
It's gonna be a good day so.
Alright, well, if you guys, we're going to get started, probably you know three to four after the hour, just as people come out of breakouts.
So feel free to multitask until then.
Thank you all for joining.
We're going to get started.
Just a few minutes after the hour.
Hey, Larry.
Good morning.
Hello.
Even hello.
Umm.
As folks come over from breakout sessions, I anticipate probably starting at 4 after this heads up and I I like your shirt.
I just noticed.
Thank you.
Yeah.
This is for Dave case, so I don't know if he's on yet or not.
The Psycho Bunny, from discussion from yesterday.
Exactly.
I love it.
That's awesome.
I've been seen him yet.
Shane, I'll look for the hoodie.
The these psycho Bunny hoodie that would be a great ad.
Mr Fetterman.
Well, hello there.
How's it going?
Sorry, ma'am.
I'm doing well.
Doing well about yourself.
Nice shirt, Larry.
You did not disappoint.
Thanks, Leanne.
I'm good man.
How are those boys?
What is that?
What are those?
What's the shirt?
But this is the we were having the discussion at the start of the call yesterday.
Psycho Bunny.
I'm shirt.
Ah, got it.
Very nice.
Welcome, welcome guys.
Just let you know umm.
As folks come over from breakouts or finishing their other meetings, we get started about four after the hour.
Larry, I am a huge psycho Bunny fan.
Love the shirt.
Really.
Yeah, they have a really cool store here in Atlanta and I have like 3 shirts.
Yeah, I'm trying to figure out what's special about him.
I think they just have a weird Bunny logo.
Ah.
Yeah, the history of the company is quite interesting as well from urban fashion model, so I yeah.
Yeah, super cool.
Yeah.
Sorry, I am back.
Sorry, I heard you were calling my name.
You're good, man.
That.
Ohh so you are wearing the is this the what? Is this?
Not bad Bunny, psycho Bunny.
Like a Bunny psycho Bunny.
Psycho by me.
Yeah, and not to be confused with exploding kittens.
Have you ever played that card game?
I have.
It's fine.
Super fun.
Yeah, it's great.
And I'm a, you know, I'm a kitten.
I'm a cat lover, so it's not.
You don't have to worry.
Is very amusing so.
So you like cats, but not kittens?
No, I like cats.
Is that what you're saying? Ohh.
I love cats.
OK, OK.
I love kittens and I and I also love the game exploding kittens.
Gotcha.
It is very fun.
The Super fun.
Never heard of it so well the check it out.
Check it out.
So you say no kittens harmed in the filming of this?
Exactly.
Umm.
The with the SA group.
Uh.
It's.
Week or so ago, and there's a a game that my family plays and it's called, I think it's poet.
Is it Neanderthal poetry?
The good one?
And you have you can only.
What is it?
I said that's a good one.
Super good.
Super fun, but you you can only give clues in one word syllables.
And if you say a word that has more than one syllable, the person next to you has a blow up club and they hit you over the head.
So it's super fun.
I played a I played a game over the weekend.
Ooh.
It was you put on these goggles that made everything upside down and then you draw a card and the card says like, you've gotta write like your name or like, draw a house and you got like seconds to play.
So it's like everybody takes a turn.
Obviously you put the goggles on.
You're like, alright, go.
And it's like you've got 10 seconds to this or 30 seconds to this and I got to tell you, it was probably one of the most hilarious things because you're watching the person because they got these frigging ridiculous goggles on and then they're trying to draw like a, like a triangle.
And it's upside down and we figured out that one of the people at the table had been a teacher.
So you know how teachers can do things upside down quite easily?
So she was, like, phenomenal at the game.
And we're like, what the heck is going on?
And never the rest of us are like trying to draw triangle.
It looks like a, you know, it doesn't look like anything.
So it's a really, it's a really fun game.
What's it called, Mark?
I knew you were gonna ask me that.
I put his probably said that in the beginning if I knew, but I'll I'll find out, I'll get.
OK, we could probably Google it.
I'll get the name of it and send it to you, but it's it's a lot of fun to play with not only adults, but kids too.
And it's it's quite fun.
That sounds fun.
Well, I'll just say that there's a famous one called.
Who's the dude?
And it's a charades game with a blow up doll.
That's so it's like a life size blow up doll that you're supposed to act out.
Whatever.
You're charade card is with the doll.
You can make that as.
G or all the way up the rating scale was you want based on those scales.
That's all I'm gonna say no.
The as the family.
Family, family, friendly down and family friendly.
It it is surprisingly tame, but it is fun, yeah.
Rohit, I got my visa.
So you guys can't renege now.
That's awesome.
That's a good, probably best news I heard in this week, so.
I'm coming.
India visa is not done, yeah.
All right, Maurice and everyone.
We're gonna give folks just another minute or two to join as people leave breakouts so.
Yep if.
Hi everyone.
Hello.
Here's one that's pretty funny, too.
And unemployed.
Huh.
I've heard that one either.
All right, I'm actually looking for one last speaker is Kent Hanson on the call.
Can't Hanson?
Can you raise your hand or pop up on camera?
I see you.
And room.
Thank you, Sir.
Thanks for bearing with me my in my attendance list is not updating in real time so I think I was having trouble spotting people.
I appreciate it.
Alright, Marie.
So I think we can go ahead and get started.
Alright, let's do it.
So everybody, welcome back to day two of our spring meeting.
I am Maurice faison.
And again, I am joined today by Larry and Jen and want to welcome Matt Hounds and Emily, who will be speaking with us here in just a little bit.
So this is the last town hall of the spring meeting.
Remember, tomorrow is going to be the fireside chat format, so you're going to be able to ask any questions that have come up this week.
You could do it either live in the session tomorrow or via the form again that's located in the spring meeting.
Uh team, and if you're watching a replay, you can submit your questions using that exact same form.
So we're gonna go ahead and get started.
So if we could love CMD everybody on the screen, but if you're not a presenter, you can go ahead and turn your cameras off.
Everyone makes sure that you're on mute, and we're gonna kick things off with some centric good news stories.
And so first up, I'm gonna.
Oh, there he is.
Noah Grayson.
Noah Grayson from our Indianapolis operating group is going to share a bit about what happened recently in India, no.
Yeah. The hey.
Thanks, Maurice.
Appreciate it.
So I've got a good news story to share with you, and this one comes from a long tenured centric client AES.
Formerly known as Date and Power and Light in Indianapolis, Power and Light prior to the acquisition of AES, but we've had a really long relationship, a really consistent.
High value delivery engagements over a number of years and that's earned us a ton of trust with this client.
And I know a number of people on this call have probably had some exposure to AES over the years.
Umm, but despite some efforts by Accenture and KPMG, who have presented AES Alternative Solutions, ages is turned to centric that to help them integrate with SAP and enhance a field service management application.
So we're excited to embark on this journey with them.
Phase one of this effort is valued at roughly $850,000.
We think this project will have a long runway for us though, as as more enhancements and expansion of the application takes takes place in the coming years.
There have been a lot of people involved from the beginning and the pursuit of this opportunity, but there's been a core group of people that have been engaged since the inception of this and I'd like to do just a handful of shout outs and extend my personal appreciation for the efforts of Pam Berry, Scott Paulman, Scott Stover and Steve Sisco.
They've worked extremely hard on this opportunity and have been incredibly creative in developing our solution and approach.
So well done by all, and in particular that that core team.
No.
Cool.
Do you know if any of my cobalt code is still running?
It's it is still there, but we're going to shut that down here pretty soon.
Great. Great.
I didn't.
I I do. I do.
About.
Yes, it's impressive.
Stuff.
It will ask to go I'm sure.
Yeah.
So anyone that that that's freaked out by AI?
For the record, Jim, Jim Schaller Jim Schaller has cobalt code.
Jim Schaller has cobalt code too out there.
Yeah, cool.
Hanging out for the record.
Hey, thanks, Noah.
Appreciate that for those I don't know AES state and power and light was client number one.
So that's an account that's near and dear, you know, to our hearts and and to see that we are continuing to work there.
It is great.
Great to hear.
So thanks again, Noah.
Next up, Kent Hansen from operational excellence practice.
Give us an update on secura and insurance team there.
Alright, thanks a lot.
It's great to hear about the the success we've been having on AES from Noah.
Thank you, Noah.
So secure is a great story.
We've had a long standing relationship with our DNA team setting up the platform there and Jeremy Gruenwald of our Chicago office has played a major role there and it has a great relationship with the client and he heard about an RPA need at secura and plugged in our team, me and Nick, Ron and we were able to work together with the client and they were very interested in it and it started becoming also more than an RPA needed, but also a more general power platform need.
And so we plugged in Carrie Butler and her team and we were working collectively on it.
And our main sponsor was very excited to do work with us, but we had a major roadblock from the client's Infosec team.
They were butting heads with our project sponsor on whether this project would be valuable or the timing was is right, especially with a lot of the focus around governance for the project and last minute they asked us to join this meeting between the Infosec team and our project sponsors team, which we didn't have a lot of time to prepare for and we threw together A-Team to to manage this.
This kind of client enter fighting which which was tough and we only had half an hour and so let me set the stage a little bit for this client meeting.
There was probably 5 people from each side of on the client side, so about 10 people, five from the Infosec team, five from our project sponsors team and and so so 10 clients in this 30 minute meeting that we were supposed to resolve all the issues in was was a daunting task.
We asked Jeremy Young from the OE team who has a lot of RPA credentials.
He's a senior architect from our team to to really learn about the entire problem and be able to resolve it.
And it was a tough task.
The Jeremy came in, learned about the program very the the problem that they were butting heads around described very calmly how the technology works and how you could put governance around it and why it's important to put governance around it.
By the end of this half an hour meeting, we had everybody, both sides of the client teams nodding their heads full approval.
Let's do this.
We understand the need for it and we got the the the SOW signed shortly thereafter.
So it was a.
It was a great instance of the team coming together, demonstrating our qualifications in a short manner, a working very well with the client team effort and now we're executing this week on it.
Outstanding out and you know always love it when we see BCS and Tech SL coming together, you know, solve our our clients toughest problems.
So thanks.
Thanks for sharing that Ken.
Love kicking off meetings like that.
And so let's keep with this celebratory mood and bring up the fact that this is 25 years in business for centric consulting major milestone, if you remember in January, Misty told us about some of the ways that we're going to be celebrating this anniversary externally.
Jen is here today to talk about some of the ways that we'll be celebrating this this milestone internally.
So turning over you, Jim.
All right.
Hello everyone.
Yeah.
So we are super excited to launch our internal celebration of our 25th anniversary.
There are a number of ways that everybody here can join in on the celebration throughout the year, especially in the next six months, and then this will culminate at the September meeting later this year.
So first of all I have to give a special shout out to Julie Shaffer, who is the mastermind behind all of this.
Just huge thanks and kudos to Julie for driving this and continuing to make this happen throughout the year.
It's going to be great.
So the first thing you need to know is that the Centric 25 channel just launched a few moments ago on the All centric team.
This is really going to be the hub over the next six months for all of the activity and sharing and that sort of thing.
So make sure that you check that out frequently, so there's going to be a few ways to engage over the next six months or so.
So first tune into this channel every week.
You're gonna be able to see kind of throwbacks to centric history as well as flash forwards to where we're headed in the future and kind of people's ponderings on the next 25 and what they want to see.
We're also going to share occasional updates about the work that marketing is doing and how we can externally promote our 25th anniversary and how you can help share that news.
And then third, starting next week, you should be looking for posts about our Centric 25 challenge game.
So what is the Centric 25 challenge game?
Every other week we're gonna post new challenge prompts for you to complete.
Umm these are.
If you complete these different challenges, you'll be entered into drawings to win prizes.
You don't have to worry.
These are really easy effort challengers.
It challenges.
It's all about having some fun while we celebrate our 25 years together.
So Julie's gonna be posting some fold game details along with the first challenge on the centric 25 challenge on Monday.
So please stay tuned and check that out so to kick us off, we wanted to share kind of a celebratory highlight reel that was put together by Julie Shaffer and that looks back on some of the moments that have helped lay the foundation for our culture today.
But on that note, I wanted to mention.
So this year, I kind of said this earlier this year, celebration is all about or is not all about just thinking about the past and celebrating the past.
That's definitely a component, you know, memories and shared experiences are kind of an important part of a living culture.
But celebrating our 25th is equally about where we're headed about our dreams for the future.
Our memories that we have yet to make and about the things that are going to be important to us as we continue to evolve together as a company.
So we want to spend this year collecting and sharing all of these thoughts.
Umm.
With that, let's take a look at our video.
So as we learned yesterday, the hard way this may automatically start for you.
If it doesn't, you may have to hit the play button on your screen and then sync to presenter.
So Abby's gonna kick this off right now.
If it doesn't start immediately, click the little button in the screen and you should be good to go.
All right, thanks.
Wow, that was.
That was great.
So thanks, whoever Marketing put that together.
That was Julie Shaffer.
Umm yeah, I didn't get a preview of that one.
Julie Shaffer.
That was a great.
I mean, so, so many years.
And you you can.
You can watch some of us mature over the years of physically so great.
Great to see.
You know, having been here myself, you know the past 20 something years, you know, seeing so many familiar faces was was great, but even more so.
I loved seeing so many newer faces, so many different faces, and so that that encapsulated just a glimpse into our growth and and a little snapshot of what the future holds for us.
So that was, uh, that was special and I can't wait for that to be posted, you know?
So we can rewatch that back if you have a particularly tough day.
So again, thanks to Julie and team for that.
OK, let's shift gears and let's talk about our leadership team structure.
So back in January and I'm looking at Larry here, you you talked about the new leadership team structure and so now we are a couple of months into that structure.
Let's dive a little bit deeper into into this model if you would.
Sure.
I I don't know who did this, but putting me after the video to talk about org structure not cool, but I'm going.
I'm gonna make this so amazingly exciting.
You will be on the edge of your seat, so let me back up a tiny bit for everybody.
So about, let's say the beginning of 2023, we put in place a new org structure and the reason we did that is we outgrew our old one and we need to put something new in place to support growing significantly.
We wanted to make sure we had broad perspectives in our decision making and then we also had to really be cognizant of succession planning because we are going to have many people start to retire and we needed an organization structure that would support, you know, grooming people and getting people ready and.
And so we had to put that in place.
So we operated that way for about a year and we did a checkpoint at the end of last year and we said, hey, what's working well?
What isn't?
And there was one thing that was definitely not working well, and that was the EDC had two they're trying to do too much, too much on their plate.
And so we took a checkpoint.
We did a facilitated session with a senior leadership team and we iterated on that original model and the result is what you're going to see that I'm going to go over right now if you guys can go to that next page.
And so we put this org structure new org structure in place the beginning of 2024.
I'm happy to say I think it's working really well.
I think that so far the indications are the tweaks that we made were the right ones.
I would say this is a more traditional org structure that you would see in in many companies, which is what people are asking for, and then the other thing is that clearly defines accountability across all of our functions.
There's actually a very there's a 300 line racy that supports this.
The the stuff that I'm going to go through.
Thank you to Verna for doing that.
And I think we'll have that published as well.
So we are growing up and we've put in place a really great org structure to help us scale for the future.
So as as Maurice mentioned, you saw this at the town January town hall, I believe.
And what I'm going to do is actually go into each row and a little bit more detail so everybody understands each of the functions O I'm going to start on that first line, that first row and you see the ECU in the upper left hand corner and kind of think of that as the board now.
So this is the group that's supposed to make enterprise wide decisions.
An example of that might be like the decision to open a new office or something, you know, really big impactful to the organization, but the rest of the decision making decision making is pushed down to closest.
You know, we want to get it closest to the leaders that are running that business.
This group is meant to meet, you know, fairly infrequently, like a board would.
So I think we've met once so far this year as an example.
So it's either going to be monthly, quarterly, something like that, and then the other thing I want to point out is everybody that's in that box has a day job.
So they're just not hanging out waiting for that next meeting.
And then you can see the CEO and then you can see a traditional Corp development box, which is where you would expect strategy and Acquisition development to occur.
So that's that first row and then I'm going to go to the next slide, the next row.
Please pretty please.
OK, so this is the operations committee.
This is all about day to day execution of the company.
It's this is the kind of the major tweak that that we made, and this group has meant to have broad representation about across all the key functions that we need to operate the business.
So whenever we're making a decision, we have all of the key inputs that we need to do to make the right decision.
And this is all about Operations.
So an example of a decision this group might do or function is we recently did an analysis of our 2023 profitability and we said what do we have to do differently?
And here's the actions we're going to take.
That group would undertake that and you can see by the bullet points under each of the boxes.
Accountability.
Uh, you can see the functions that each of those groups have and and it's a very traditional accountabilities divided across people, operations, sales and so forth.
You can see all of that, and it's all about each person that's in that box is responsible for driving the results in those functional areas and has accountability for that.
This group meets twice a week and the topics are very operational alright.
I'm going to go to the next box because you guys are.
You guys are still awake and listen to me.
So the the next box is the senior leadership team.
This we introduced several years ago and it's worked really well.
This group is about providing guidance and advice to the operating committee on any kind of major decision before we make it.
We're getting input from this group and again it we want to make sure we're hearing everybody's voice.
So we make really good decisions and so we'll take major decisions to this group and we'll say, hey, there's three things to think about before this meeting and we want your input and we want to hear from everybody.
And so this group is not a decision making body, but it it's providing thoughtful debate, feedback, advice, problem solving so that we can take it and then make a decision.
The other thing I want to point out is we added NVP's to this and and people like what is an MVP.
We've had that role for a very long time, but essentially what it is is provide oversight and guidance for all of our OG's.
Every single OG has an MVP and it is when you get to our size you need an efficient way to get information out share feedback so that we can act faster as an organization.
And so that's the role of an MVP and that has worked very well for us, alright.
And then I'm going to get to the last box, which is the extended leadership team.
Thank you.
And so this is not a new function and I want to point out this is the most important part of the organization chart.
This is the core engine that keeps the company running at.
This is what has been in place all along.
These leaders make decisions for their day to day operations of their area, and they do it in conjunction with the SLT member, obviously.
But they're really responsible for making the organization work, so that was fast.
A couple of things to to kind of remind everybody, we've been operating this way since roughly the beginning of the year.
I think it's working really well.
As I mentioned, there's a 300 line racy that supports this with clear accountability responsibility.
The the items that you would see in Tracy chart and I think we're going to finalize that and get that out.
So everybody can see that and just general comments, we've never been about hierarchy.
So anybody can still call anybody.
No task is beneath anybody in the organization, so I I love it when people call me and and give me feedback or ideas and that open door policy applies to every leader in the organization.
But we were clearly getting to the sides where we needed a traditional art chart that where clarity was provided and expected, and we needed this to execute effectively.
And so this org chart that we just went through is really intended to help us grow to 400 million or more.
We'll continue to tweak it if something isn't working, but I think that I feel really good that we have the right structure in place to scale the company.
So thank you, Maurice.
Thank you.
Hopefully everybody still awake.
Ohh yeah, yeah, we're we're we're locked into that.
Thanks.
Thanks, Larry.
So now we're gonna move from the org model to our operational focus and financial messaging.
And so it would Kemp and Matt Hounds.
Thank you.
We'll start with Emily.
Who's going to share our 2024 forecast? Emily?
Eight.
Yeah.
Larry thinks that talking about the org model is boring and dry, but sometimes I think Matt and I get even the better topic.
So finance and operations, so we will try to not make this extremely boring for folks.
But Abby, if you wanna go to the next slide.
So if you if you joined us in January, we held a town hall meeting at the end of January kind of talking about our 2023 performance and you know, unfortunately 2023 started off and looked like it was going to be another really good year for us.
We had a very solid quarter, one probably one of our our best quarter one performances.
Unfortunately, to be followed by somewhat of a declining quarter too, and then probably the worst performance in our quarter three history.
So unfortunately, 2023 really was kind of a disappointing, I think in challenging year for us.
We've talked about that before.
It's not unique to Centric.
There were so many service firms that went through the exact same circumstances.
We were dealing with, you know, we sell it in.
There were lots of layoffs and nouns.
It was challenging to keep up with client demand shrinking client demand that is so, you know, just a lot of challenges to work through throughout the year.
The good thing with going through a challenging year like that is just like, you know, Larry kind of alluded to, our our business is changing.
It's growing that that growth is changing the needs that we have as a business and that was, you know, there were a lot of good lessons learned coming out of 23 and that's what we're kind of focused on going into 2024.
So there's really, you know, I would call two goals that we have coming into 2024 and those are focused around kind of resetting our financial model to bring greater visibility and transparency across our our matrix model.
And if you think about our our matrix model right now, we have business units, industry verticals, service offerings.
We have offshore with centric India.
There's, there's a lot of moving pieces to that, and when you're dealing and navigating through a challenging time, the the better the transparency, the more timely the data, the better you can react.
And that was what we learned in 2023.
We need to get better at all of those things, transparency into what's really driving the root issues and then ultimately we need the data to be more timely than it is today.
So as we started to think about what our 2024 goal is gonna look like and Abby, you can go ahead and throw that number on the slide.
The first thing that we kind of looked at in 2024 was we're changing the way we're actually setting.
Well, that's probably not completely accurate.
We're not necessarily changing the way we're setting the goal, but we did change the functionality and we changed the process for how we are collecting that revenue goal.
So historically, we've put a lot of a lot of heavy Excel manual processes to collect our annual plan data and this year was the first year that we were able to use a tool, every business unit, lead service offering, lead account manager, they're going in and they're providing a revenue goal at an account level.
So for every client there's a sales goal based on you know what they know or what they're expecting from that client, and that rolls up into a total top line revenue number of 216 million.
So that's the first thing.
This new functionality within CRM is also gonna give us more visibility into maybe where we're seeing, you know, maybe issues with clients.
So if we were expecting a client to do two or three million in revenue and we're seeing that decline throughout the year, it kind of gives us an early warning sign of what we think the rest of the year is going to look like.
Yeah.
The second thing that we're gonna that we wanna continue to focus on and and what we wanna make sure we're always keeping a very hyper focus on is is continued rock solid delivery and I actually I did not realize that the good news stories were gonna be shared around ages and secura but you know that it's a perfect example we have been with D PNL and AES since 2019 99 umm so it it just goes to show that you know the the most competitive advantage that we have with our clients is going to be you know.
Solid delivery.
Opens the door to expand to, you know, bring in new service offerings and that's exactly what we want to continue to focus on. Matt and Dionne talked yesterday about specific areas of our growth that we want to focus on in 24. And you know, those are obviously very hot items in the market, cyber and AI. And then you know heavy, heavy leaning into our partnerships with Microsoft sales force.
And NetSuite as well.
And then lastly, you know what are we looking at? I think every business right now is kinda going through the same, you know navigating through the same challenges and we're doing very similar review, just making sure that our cost structure is in line with where we want to go.
That we're right sized for the goals that we want to achieve in the future that we've got, you know that we're doing the best that we can with what we have. And Matt, how's is going to talk here in a minute.
Really, how we're going to make this work from an operational standpoint to make sure it aligns and it that we can maximise really our financial performance not only in 2024 but in future years as well.
So Abby, you can go to the next slide.
Nouns. I think this is you.
Alright, I think this is me. So let me give a quick kind of review in terms of kind of our key priorities for 2024 as it relates to finance and operations, we'll do a little bit more of a deep dive on the top two. So deploy operational and financial cost improvements as well as the CBA two point OS cut out what's going on with that. The bottom 2 on here, which is kind of really around staffing utilisation and bench management, there'll there will be more to come on that. I think coming in.
April and Jen Barnes is leading that effort for us. And then we've we've actually made some pretty good progress on the 4th 1 here, which is automate new performance scorecards and metrics. This is one that's been kind of on the on the books for a while, it was it was Acba 2.0 recommendation which we'll talk about here in a second as well. And I think we are looking at getting our first kind of automated scorecard out for B us before the end of the month. So excited to have that kind of demos point having that insight that that perspective.
More real time people understand, sort of what they're being measured against.
Those things I think will help us get better insights in the business and making decisions as well. So those are those are you know, key things for us to make sure we kind of keep in mind as we continue to evolve and and and try to achieve our growth plan as Larry Laed out as well.
Next slide please.
All right, so really the the question we always get is sort of what are we putting in, what are we putting in place and how do we think about our kind of mindset around the this the change that's happening and we kind of said hey, the way to look at this is is sort of these four kind of different dimensions. So simplify standardised scale and automate and the thinking here is you know as we think about complexities in the business and sometimes it's you you, you put complexities in not knowing that they're they're going to be complex down the road. So think about it when you're smaller it's it seems very simple but as you scale.
It makes it more complex, so part of what we've we've done and you've probably seen some of this is just the idea of removing complexities from our operations, including finance, where we can, right. So it's really China as we understand the business, understand how we can simplify. That's that's something that we're trying to really focus on.
The standardised side of things, and that's an interesting one as well. There's there's lots of, there's lots of things people can talk about in terms of why standardisation is good and there's always a balance between, you know, being standard with everybody else as well as sort of, you know, keeping and maintaining what makes.
Things the right things in centric, unique. So we're trying to standardise the right practises looking at kind of industry, industry, best practises and benchmarks and understanding where we need to align to that it it does. I mean there's there's reasons why there are best practises and for us to you know be foolish for us to think that we've got a better way to to do things in in every case. So trying to do a better job of understanding what the best practises are and which of those things we can adopt and standardise within centric the third one around automate and and really this is this is the the idea of continuing to do kind of more with less.
You know, we run a a pretty lean operation overall for both finance and operations in general. We use that. We do use RP and other types of tools to allow us to get better and more efficient and we're also exploring the use of AI as a as a way to enhance some of the activities that we do or replace some of those activities using AI functionality. So an example of that, it would be if you guys are wondering, are things like the, you know, we've moved to the new timesheets or the new buckets with an open air and the auto approval for those that used to have, you know, 70 things so many times she used to approve.
Should have far, far less of that now, and that's because we're using kind of this auto approve.
Functionality for non billable internal time and then lastly around the scale. So this is this is critical 'cause you know there you mentioned this as well is just you know trying to get to a $400 million plus company you know we have to do the right things around how we how we look at our simplification we got to the right things around standardisation and automation but we got to build a platform to scale and that's got to really enable our future growth and it's got to be done not just sort of the platform but it's got to be done efficiently you know from an operations perspective so.
That mindset, you know, the kind of those four key pillars, if you will or or or.
Levers. That's really how we're looking at kind of running the business and how we make decisions and the things that we want to do both in terms of changes within the current structure and how we want to evolve over time as well. The other thing I would just mention that I think's critically important here is and and I think everyone on this call has seen it. We've, we've done a lot of change in 2 1/2 months and Emily will go through some of the things that we've already done within the finance area specifically.
But things like in irrationalizing, the open air tasks we've made changes the the P and LS truck structure removed internal internal cost transfers and and there's still other changes we're planning to make throughout the year. So this is this is a lot for everyone to absorb it's and it's everybody from each of you, our leaders, everybody, we got to just make sure we're doing those things and we're doing them intentionally. We're moving fast. We feel like it's one of those things where.
Speed's important, but we don't do it recklessly, so there's gonna be a balance there in terms of how we strike the right perspective on getting these changes in place but not putting our business at risk. At the same time. So one thing I would ask for this group is just just patience. This is going to be a year of transition. We're working through a lot of changes. We're not going to get it right or perfect out of the gate, but it won't be for lack of trying. We're going to make some missteps and if we see those, we're going to correct them, you know, feel free to help us if you see that stuff happening.
But just, you know, just give us the chance to to kind of work through these as we go through the rest of the year.
And I think our our at the end of the road when we're kind of through this, I think our ability to do and and grow and scale and meet our our long term growth objectives will be in a much better spot.
Thanks, Matt. Speaking of changes, so last Thursday, hopefully you all saw the e-mail regarding the timesheet change that Matt talked about. And so this is, you know, one of the first communications around moving to weekly timesheet rollout, which is just one of the changes that's going to support this evolution in some of our broader operational changes. And so Emily is going to cover in a little bit more detail the landscape of the changes that are going to be happening this year.
Yep, so.
So you know, Matt said we we have already made quite a bit of change that was rolled out. This really starting with the January financials and part of the reason that we're moving some of this so quickly is that you know from a financial standpoint, if you can get all of those changes in at the beginning of the year, it makes the rest of the year a whole lot easier. It also makes reporting a lot more easier to follow. So there was a tonne of.
And then to kind of getting those things complete and ready to be rolled out January 1st.
So the three items that have been completed, you know Matt already mentioned, but you know we're making changes to how we're measuring our our gross profit.
We're making changes to how we're measuring our service offering financials and then the big one that really impacts everyone is we standardized kind of the time entry.
So just an example of some of that simplification that we're trying to drive and we started working on this.
I think it was back in October, there were roughly 495 internal projects that people were charging time to that list now is down to about 50.
So a ton of, you know, simplification and I will say kind of my new tagline is that it is not simple to simplify.
And so you know the the finance team on it as well, they they worked really hard to try to get that too.
A simplified model that was still meaningful and providing the right level of value.
All of these changes.
There's two goals that were working to achieve and one of them is I I kind of liked what Matt was saying, right?
It's like, you know, as time has gone on, you know something that didn't seem complicated when we put it in place to begin with is now more complicated because of the size.
The more people are involved with that, So what we're really trying to do is we want to align our financial model model to a more industry standard and those those things are you know what I just mentioned, gross profit, SO financial and and standardize time entry.
But then the other one is we're really working.
The end goal is to really be able to achieve a much faster month end close than we do today and you know the value of that is obviously being able to get financial results and and numbers and analysis out much sooner than we do today.
So again that we can react to it more quickly.
What's coming and what Maurice just made mention of is the very next change that we're working on is the weekly time entry that is going to go into effect in April, followed by starting in January.
We're going to move our payroll cycle from a semi monthly, you know being paid twice a month to a biweekly payroll schedule, which will be every other week.
So there will be lots of details on all of that and communications forthcoming.
But the first thing is really focusing on getting everyone aligned to weekly time entry and the weekly timesheet process.
And I think we could go to the next slide.
Abby.
So this is the communication that was sent out last week.
And so instead of doing the like today, our timesheet process follows our payroll cycle, which is twice a month.
And so we're moving to weekly, which would mean every Friday, we're gonna ask that everybody submit their timesheet.
We're asking that that those hours be approved every Monday.
We're also strongly encouraging that people enter their time daily, you know, really daily time entry is best practice and improves accuracy, quality of the data.
But we realized like getting that every day may be a little bit too much.
So what we're we highly encourage everyone in our time daily and the again this goes into effect starting April 1st.
And so the very first weekly timesheet will be due end of day on April 5th.
And there will be many more communications coming from this.
So, you know, stay tuned and make sure that you know you're checking your emails and that you're looking for the great communications that the OCM team has helped us with.
Alright, thanks.
OK.
One last area we want to update everyone on is around our centric business architecture journey.
And so, Matt, would you give us an update on the project that we affectionately call CBA?
2.0, What's happened to date?
What can we expect for the rest of this year?
For sure.
So I know this has been a question for a while.
It's been kind of on the on the depth chart in terms of things you want to look at is in terms of priorities.
So if you think about what we did in 23 and kind of what what we're doing from a CBA perspective and the journey as as as Maurice points out, really trying to make sure we're planning for the future.
So as we've said before, you know what we said in place, you know 10152025 years ago and how we operate today, we need to relook at that and that's really what CBA is intended to do.
So not just looking at a specific part of the business, but it's the entire business from how we do, you know, Talent Acquisition, how we look at selling projects, how we look at positioning projects, how we sell those projects and how we wrap up those projects and the shared services and other functions, business enablement, it's underneath.
So CBA is very broad in scope, so it needs to evolve as our needs as our needs change as well.
Umm.
And the big thing is if you think about, you know, enabling growth, we just talked about that that's that's the intent here.
So over time is looking at we've got essentially 12 recommendations.
Key recommendations that came out of our initial design session that that occurred last year and we're actually making progress on a number of those.
So I'll kind of hit some of these and I'll go into a little more detail on what the current one that we're focused on as well.
So, you know, we've got three engagement types.
Those are solution based, role based and managed services or operational support services.
So enabling how we better engage on those three types, the focus right, you got right now is really on the solutioning side.
And again, I'll talk more about that here on the next slide, the other, the other ones here aligned defined roles and accountability and measures we mentioned about the new dashboards, operational dashboards that we're creating for OGS, starting with business units, but being able to better align to as a common set of rewards, making sure we all have similar goals and objectives.
That's well underway as well, which is again one of the top recommendations come out of CBA and then maturing our internal capabilities business capabilities.
We launched the beginning of this year in Jansen.
Meyers is is leading this effort around our business Transformation office and I think the the What people probably heard was you know used to be our kind of our old PMO structure, but it's basically elevated that entire function where it's really looking at enterprise wide, all the different initiatives not just sort of what's nationally led but also things that are being done with an operating groups as well and really trying to make sure that we understand what those changes are, how those overlap or distinct or or distinct or different and then really help us try to.
Prioritize and making sure work on the right things to achieve our goals.
One thing that was really enlightening, and I don't know the exact numbers and someone have them, but he's cataloged all these different initiatives and there's, I bet you there's fifty or more of those that have been identified.
You know, in terms of things that have either have or on the books to be done or currently underway and that's a lot to take on.
So really getting that overall portfolio view and being able to look at those and understand again which ones maybe we want to stop which ones you want to defer, which ones you want to accelerate or combine the view within the BTO is going to allow us to do a lot of that as well.
And then all this is being done as we talked about with the with the growth mindset and that was something else that came out of CBA.
As we got to look at this, not just sort of how we work today, but how we want to grow and evolve in the future and that's being addressed as part of the CBA journey as well.
So we go to the next slide please, Abby.
Alright, so just what are we?
What?
What's the what?
What are we doing today?
Right as in terms of CBA, what we tried to do is really chunk out these different these different 12 recommendations and sort of how do I approach them and the focus right now is really on looking at our solutioning function and what do we mean by that, right?
It's what are we trying to solve?
Why is this important?
And we all realize that an anchor of how our growth happened is related to service offerings.
There are linchpin in terms of our ability to sell project based work and we've seen the benefits of engaging them and how that's helped with our growth as well.
But it's really, you know, in order to meet our behag and really trying to solve our customers or clients toughest problems, we really need to make sure we're doing project based delivery really well.
And as we get more complex in terms of being able to knit together different types of service offerings, so not just sort of coming in and doing a DNA project, but also looking at it, maybe he has a Modern Workplace flavor to it and there's some OE involved.
You get these cross SO solutions we need to do and and if we now if we don't have a common way to deliver those and not just deliver but also sell and position them, it becomes increasingly hard to do that at scale it it it it can improve we you know we we have issues with potentially profitability at times because we we don't always work In Sync as people do things different ways we wanna make sure that we have the high client satisfaction and frankly our folks each of you that are doing delivery need to make sure.
That you feel comfortable that you're set up for success and the way we've got these designs.
So what's underway right now is we've got the detailed design fairly well, at least the first draft of that.
We're gonna look to present that to the Operations committee and then what we're doing right now is also looking at projects where we can begin to pilot some of the things that we've put together in terms of understanding if the things that we think will work or change for the better, how does actually work in practice.
So we're trying to take a very pragmatic approach to how we go about this and making sure that we can take learnings as part of the pilot, interject those back into the design and making sure we're continuing to refine.
So at the end of the day, the benefits are going to be we're going to be able to continue to solve our their clients.
Most complex problems bring in the full power of centric.
Making sure that as part of this, we have career opportunities for employees.
So think about being able to elevate and move into more of these complex solution types of delivery roles and then really differentiate centric.
So it's the idea of again leveraging service offerings, leveraging our tech, suing our Ivs and Centric India.
So being able to pull that together and tell a cohesive story that we can not just sort of talk about, but stand behind as well, that's really what we're driving for as part of this next phase of CBA.
Cool.
Thanks Matt.
Sure.
Thanks, Emily.
There is a lot going on here and we are going to continue to hear from Matt and Emily and this group throughout the year with updates and as changes need to be rolled out a quick time check.
That is going to conclude a day two folks.
So I want to thank Noah and Kent for kicking us off with centric good news.
Thanks to today's print presenters Larry, Emily, Matt, and Jin.
Thank you all for joining us.
We do have one more breakout session later today.
Remember, tomorrow is going to be a fireside chat, so be sure to bring your questions if you can't make it live, go ahead and submit those via the form in the team.
And with that, I enjoy the rest of your day and we'll see you tomorrow.
But folks.